README.md, before:

# High 5, You Rock!
H5YR website build with Umbraco 10 - https://h5yr.com

## Working with this repo

### Prerequisites

- [.NET 6 SDK](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/en-us/download/dotnet/6.0)
- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/) v18+


### Getting started

1. Clone down this repo
2. Install frontend dependencies (`cd frontend && npm i`)
2. Spin up the site using IIS Express or Kestrel
3. Create a new local DB, SQLLite is fine for this
4. Log in to the back office and run uSync from the Settings section - import everything
5. Refresh the content node and a Home node should appear. If it doesn't, log out and log back in again.


## out of date

Todo: This info is now out of date and really needs updating for mastodon. 

* When working locally, the tweets shown on the feed are read from a test Tweet json file. If you want to see live tweets in the feed you'll need your own Twitter API keys and these should be stored in your own User Secrets file, more info about user secrets can be found https://skrift.io/issues/tell-me-all-your-secrets/

* You need to add the following lines to your User Secrets file and add your own twitter api values
```
 "Twitter": {
    "ConsumerKey": "",
    "ConsumerSecret": "",
    "AccessToken": "",
    "AccessTokenSecret": "" 
  } 
  ``` 
  ## Free holopin badge

  If you'd like a free badge for your holopin collection - [Grab it](https://holopin.io/collect/clfcrtna163140fjsf31nv3ww)

Commit message:

Twitter Cleanup (and reimplement a few missing Mastodon bits) (#53)
* Remove redundant Twitter files, and rename others which may still be useful for Mastodon as 'Post' rather than 'Tweet' instead.

* Update Readme file with more contemporary information on getting the project running and remove Twitter references

* Further readme updates for clarity of reading

* Reimplement 'load more' functionality for Mastodon, so we can remove remaining Twitter code for this

* Add in Mastodon Post Count implementation before removing remaining Twitter count parts

* Few more minor readme typos/improvements

* Update Skybrud Mastodon to latest alpha005 release and tidy up CustomEmoji implementation to use that from package instead

README.md, after:

# High 5, You Rock!
H5YR website build with Umbraco 10 - https://h5yr.com

## Working with this repo

### Prerequisites

- [.NET 6 SDK](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/en-us/download/dotnet/6.0)
- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/) v18+


### Getting started

1. Clone down this repo
2. Install frontend dependencies (`cd frontend && npm i`)
2. Spin up the site using IIS Express or Kestrel
3. Create a new local DB, SQLLite is fine for this
4. On first run against the new database, an Umbraco migration will be performed to add an additional custom 'PostCount' table for storing post counts.
5. Log in to the back office and run uSync from the Settings section - import everything
6. Refresh the content node and a Home node should appear. If it doesn't, log out and log back in again.

### Mastodon integration

The Mastodon API is open for reading on the Umbraco Community instance (umbracocommunity.social), so no further configuration or keys are needed to read posts in from the API.

### Frontend Build

Vite is used on this project to automatically build assets for use with the backend when the project is run, however in most cases it is unlikely a full understanding of how it functions will be required and it will just work out of the box.

Edits should be made to files in the 'frontend' folder as needed, in particular using the '/frontend/all.js' file for JavaScript and the SASS includes underneath the /frontend/css subfolders for CSS.

When the project is run, either using Visual Studio in Debug Mode, or via the `dotnet run` command, a console window for Vite will automatically load in the background. No interaction is needed with this and after a few seconds, it should compile styling and apply it to the backend site in a browser automatically.

On some occasions when starting from Visual Studio this may crash. This can usually be identified by the styling not being auto-applied leaving an unstyled website, with a subsequent refresh of the browser then returning a '502 the server was shut down' error message. In this case, it can often be resolved via a restart, but if it persists by using the `dotnet run` command line method instead.

## Free holopin badge

If you'd like a free badge for your holopin collection - [Grab it](https://holopin.io/collect/clfcrtna163140fjsf31nv3ww)
